Dungeon Miner planning - My homage to dungeon keeper and made in abyss

It should be a dungeon keeper rougelike, some insperation from Made in abyss anime is also in here.

Insperations:
Explore and find hidden secrets and hidden rooms like in dungeon Keeper when you dig through the map.
Training room to train yourself like in dungeon keeper Dungeon keeper.
Powerfull ancient weapons like those in made in abyss.
Perma death and spells like in rougelikes and rpgs.
Are you the good guy or the bad guy? ( an answer the player must decide for themselfes).
very slow level gains and low levels. Max level 20

Leveling system for the player (You change in looks as you level up).
Rooms to build (Bed room to rest in and save at, Library too keep spells and relics, treasure room to keep gold in, mole farm for meat (Molary - hatchery lol))
Fog of war like dungeon keeper (you can only see one tile into the map like I have now), I dont have so many small tiles like terarria to recreate thier fog of war
Fight monsters and heroes.

1. Look into fog of war --- Done
2. Look into room identification in the map.cs --- Done
3. Learn how to detect and assign rooms. --- Done
4. Fix and refine AI so that they can also fight for the player --- Busy
5. Create a leveling system for the player and changing sprite


--- TO DO ---

Enemy AI and friendly AI --- Busy --- RCombine the seperate fow class for the enemies into the state based class for the enemieswm
-------

--- 02/07/2017 ---
Implimented fog of war, created bug with enemies (see bug report)
--- 06/07/2017 ---
Made map generator create a stone wall barrier so player cannot get out of map
Made the stone wall being generated at the moment be ground tiles and other tiles.
--- 12/07/2017 ---
Updated fog of war not to be albe to see through to the other side of the wall, using linecast but it could be optimised, see notes at code in player.cs
--- 14/07/2017 ---
Rooms can now be made, still needs refining though.
Rooms can now bedetected by the region class
--- 28/08/2017 ---
Fixed bug where enemy AI path finding stopped working.